README.md, before:

# Player Experience Extraction from Gameplay Video

Official code release for AIIDE 2018 oral presentation paper **[Player Experience Extraction from Gameplay Video]()**

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Getting Started

This is the repo for the `gwario` dataset experiment

for Skyrim dataset experiment, please checkout `master` branch

### Prerequisites

- PyTorch ~0.4.0
- torchvision ~0.3.0
- numpy
- PIL
- tqdm

### Installation

```sh
git clone https://github.com/IvoryCandy/experience-extraction-from-gameplay-video.git
```

### Structure

```
- data
  - log_file
  - frames (release soon)
- main.py
- dataset.py
- misc.py
- model.py
```

All hyper-parameters are global varaibles in `main.py`.

### Usage

run

```sh
python3 main.py
```

## License

Distributed under the Apache2 license. See ``LICENSE`` for more information.

## Contributing

- [Fork it](https://github.com/IvoryCandy/experience-extraction-from-gameplay-video/fork)
a

Commit message:

fix(script): add the missing script file to download the pretrained mode

README.md, after:

# Player Experience Extraction from Gameplay Video

Official code release for AIIDE 2018 oral presentation paper **[Player Experience Extraction from Gameplay Video]()**

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Getting Started

This is the repo for the `gwario` dataset experiment

for Skyrim dataset experiment, please checkout `master` branch

### Prerequisites

- PyTorch ~0.4.0
- torchvision ~0.3.0
- numpy
- PIL
- tqdm

### Installation

download the repo:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/IvoryCandy/experience-extraction-from-gameplay-video.git
```

download the pretrained model:

```sh
bash download_pretrained_model.sh
```

download the dataset:
> go to https://drive.google.com/uc?id=12P_dQZw7hCotVmz5BQ2pD6633Nj3przQ&export=download to download the zip file. Create the directotry `./data/frames` and unzip the zip into it. 

### Structure

```
- data
  - log_file
  - frames (release soon)
- main.py
- dataset.py
- misc.py
- model.py
```

All hyper-parameters are global varaibles in `main.py`.

### Usage

run

```sh
python3 main.py
```

## License

Distributed under the Apache2 license. See ``LICENSE`` for more information.

## Contributing

- [Fork it](https://github.com/IvoryCandy/experience-extraction-from-gameplay-video/fork)
